Add Backup / Restore docs (#2072)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_configuring-cli-to-use-backup-server.adoc

> [id="configure-{prod-cli}-to-use-backup-server"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-{prod-cli}-to-use-a-backup-server"]
```

> = Configure {prod-cli} to use backup server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring {prod-cli} to use a backup server
```

> This section describes how to define environment variables to make {prod-cli} use specific backup server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to define environment variables to make {prod-cli} use a specific backup server.
```

.Procedure

. Determine xref:setup-backup-server.adoc[backup server type] and the server URL.

> You may use link:https://restic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/030_preparing_a_new_repo.html[restic repository documentation] for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use link:https://restic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/030_preparing_a_new_repo.html[restic repository documentation] for reference.
```

 +

> The URL may be passed as `-r` parameter or defined through `BACKUP_REPOSITORY_URL` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL may be passed as `-r` parameter or defined using the `BACKUP_REPOSITORY_URL` environment variable.
```

> . Retrieve or make up backup repository password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Retrieve or create a backup repository password.
```

 +

> The password may be passed as `-p` parameter or defined through `BACKUP_REPOSITORY_PASSWORD` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The password may be passed as the `-p` parameter or defined using the `BACKUP_REPOSITORY_PASSWORD` environment variable.
```

 +
[WARNING]
====
Backup data are encrypted with this password.
Losing it means losing the data.
====

> . Depending on your xref:setup-backup-server.adoc[backup server type] set the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Depending on your xref:setup-backup-server.adoc[backup server type], set the following environment variables:
```

> * `REST`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REST:: If optional authentication is turned on, export the `REST_SERVER_USERNAME` and `REST_SERVER_PASSWORD` environment variables.
* ```

>  +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If optional authentication is turned on, export `REST_SERVER_USERNAME` and `REST_SERVER_PASSWORD` environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * `AWS S3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS S3:: Export the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables with AWS user credentials.

```

>  +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Export `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables with AWS user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * `SFTP`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SFTP:: For passwordless login, export the `SSH_KEY_FILE` environment variable that holds the path to a file with a corresponding SSH key, or provide the `--ssh-key-file` parameter. Alternatively, the `SSH_KEY` environment variable that holds an SSH key itself can be used.

```

>  +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For passwordless login export `SSH_KEY_FILE` environment variable that holds path to a file with corresponding SSH key or provide  `--ssh-key-file` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Alternatively, `SSH_KEY` environment variable that holds SSH key itself may be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[NOTE]
====

> It is possible to point directly to backup server configuration object using `--backup-server-config-name` parameter or `BACKUP_SERVER_CONFIG_NAME` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To point directly to a backup server configuration object, use the `--backup-server-config-name` parameter or the `BACKUP_SERVER_CONFIG_NAME` environment variable.
```

> In such case all the configuration above is not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such case, all the configuration above is not needed.
```

> For more details, see xref:managing-backups-through-custom-resources.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see xref:managing-backups-through-custom-resources.adoc[].
```
